Terms of Service
=================

> We (the folks at Super Sekrit) provides encrypting messaging
> software at supersekrit.com and would love for you to use it. Our
> basic sofware is free, though we may offer other paid software or
> services in future.  The software we provide runs *in your browser*,
> so Super Sekrit cannot and will never be able to see your messages,
> either before or after encryption.

The following terms and conditions govern all use of supersekrit.com
and all content, services and products available at or through the
website. The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without
modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and
all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation,
Super Sekrit’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published
from time to time on this Site by Super Sekrit (collectively, the “Agreement”).

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the
Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to
become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do
not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you
may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and
conditions are considered an offer by Super Sekrit, acceptance is
expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to
individuals who are at least 18 years old.

*Responsibility of Contributors.* If you create an encrypted message,
you are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm
resulting from, that message. That is the case regardless of whether
the message in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or
computer software. By making messages available in a _cirkle_, you
represent and warrant that: the downloading, copying and use of the
messages will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not
limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of
any third party; if your employer has rights to intellectual property
you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer
to post or make available the messages, including but not limited to
any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all
rights in or to the messages; you have fully complied with any
third-party licenses relating to the messages, and have done all
things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any
required terms; the messages does not contain or install any viruses,
worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
the messages is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and
does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to
drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings
of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing)
or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as
spoofing); the messages is not pornographic, does not contain threats
or incite violence, and does not violate the privacy or publicity
rights of any third party; your cirkle is not getting advertised via
unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email
lists, other cirkles and web sites, and similar unsolicited
promotional methods; your cirkle is not named in a manner that
misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or
company. For example, your cirkle’s name is not the name of a person
other than yourself or company other than your own; and you have, in
the case of messages that includes computer code, accurately
categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the
materials, whether requested to do so by Super Sekrit or otherwise.


*Responsibility of cirkle Visitors.* Super Sekrit has not reviewed,
and cannot review, any of the messages, including computer software,
posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that
material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, Super
Sekrit does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there
posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or
non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary
to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms,
Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website
may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise
objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies,
typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain
material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes
the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third
parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to
additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. Super Sekrit
disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by
visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of
content there posted.

*messages Posted on Other Websites.* We have not reviewed, and cannot
review, all of the material, including computer software, made
available through the websites and webpages to which supersekrit.com
links, and that link to supersekrit.com. Super Sekrit does not have
any control over those non-Super Sekrit websites and webpages, and is
not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a
non-Super Sekrit website or webpage, Super Sekrit does not represent
or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible
for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your
computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful
or destructive content. Super Sekrit disclaims any responsibility for
any harm resulting from your use of non-Super Sekrit websites and
webpages.


*Intellectual Property.* This Agreement does not transfer from Super
Sekrit to you any Super Sekrit or third party intellectual property,
and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain
(as between the parties) solely with Super Sekrit. Super Sekrit, teh
Super Sekrit logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics
and logos used in connection with WordPress.com, or the Website are
trademarks or registered trademarks of Super Sekrit or Super Sekrit’s
licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in
connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third
parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to
reproduce or otherwise use any Super Sekrit or third-party trademarks.
Changes. Super Sekrit reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to
modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your
responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your
continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any
changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those
changes. Super Sekrit may also, in the future, offer new services
and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new
tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

*Termination.* Super Sekrit may terminate your access to all or any
part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or
without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this
Agreement, you may simply discontinue using the Website. All
provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive
termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation,
ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations
of liability.

*Disclaimer of Warranties.* The Website is provided “as is”. Super
Sekrit and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties
of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
non-infringement. Neither Super Sekrit nor its suppliers and
licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or
that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. If you’re
actually reading this, here’s a treat. You understand that you
download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the
Website at your own discretion and risk.

*Limitation of Liability.* In no event will Super Sekrit, or its
suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter
of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or
other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or
consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute
products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or
corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid
by you to Super Sekrit under this agreement during the twelve (12)
month period prior to the cause of action. Super Sekrit shall have no
liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their
reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent
prohibited by applicable law.

*General Representation and Warranty.* You represent and warrant that
(i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the
Super Sekrit Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all
applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any
local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other
governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content,
and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of
technical data exported from the United States or the country in which
you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or
misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

*Indemnification.* You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Super
Sekrit, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective
directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all
claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your
use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of
this Agreement.

*Miscellaneous.* This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
Super Sekrit and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they
may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized
executive of Super Sekrit, or by the posting by Super Sekrit of a
revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides
otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be
governed by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., excluding its
conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes
arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and
federal courts located in San Francisco County, California. Except for
claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding
intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent
court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this
Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the
Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and
Mediation Service, Inc. (“JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in
accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in San
Francisco, California, in the English language and the arbitral
decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any
action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to
costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held
invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the
parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in
full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or
condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one
instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent
breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any
party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and
conditions; Super Sekrit may assign its rights under this Agreement
without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure
to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

_This page uses text from the the [WordPress Terms of Service] [wp],
used here in accordance with its Creative Commons Sharealike license.
Thank you Wordpress_

[wp]: http://en.wordpress.com/tos/
